She’s having an allergic reaction
Duan Xiao Jian put peanut powder in my water
Don’t go
He’s downstairs watching closely
Let him watch then
I’m Ye Qi Luo now
Even if God himself shows up, so what?
Lao Jin went to get the medicine
He’ll be back soon
Ye Ci
Whatever you do, the bottom line is
don’t gamble with your life
Then what can I do?
Just throw away all my past efforts?
There’s no time
Open your mouth
For revenge,
you’re even willing to risk your life
How foolish is that?
How is she?
No reaction at all
And no trip to the hospital
I told you
She can’t be Ye Ci
What are you looking at?
Do you think I look good
in this wedding dress?
Why are you suddenly looking at wedding dresses?
I had someone check
The 20th of this month
is a good day
Our wedding
will be held on the 20th of this month
Isn’t that a bit sudden?
What do you mean by that?